So how can we leave these off screen now if we are locked in or if we did sign up successfully.
Well that's not too difficult.
If we make it past this dispatching here without landing into catch block.
So it's still here and to try block.
We can just call props navigate what's props navigation dot navigate just as we always did and navigate
to the different screen we set up in our switch Navigator.
So in this case to the shop screen so let's do that let's simply go to shop and then for now as soon
as we do log in successfully which will now do does loads.
And we're here now.
Get a warning here regarding some state update which couldn't be performed.
That's this set is loading state which now fails if we now navigate away solution is simply we shouldn't
try to update the state on this screen if we're not on the screen anymore so we can simply move that
into the catch block because we'll only need to reset loading if we have an error because that's the
only case when we stay on the off screen.
Otherwise we don't need to change the loading state because we're leaving the screen anyways so if dad
will get rid of this as well.
If I now try this again.
Here we go.
And now we're in our main shop now we're still of course not utilizing the tokens.
Let's make sure we do that as well.
And for that let's go to the offered user and add an initial state there which describes basically with
which state we want to start and what our general state shape is.
And then I want to store the token which initially is now and I want to store the user I.D. which initially
is now so very basic initial state.
Then we can export D reduce her function which takes that initial state and which all receives of course
an action and here don't want to switch on the action type as always.
And I got two cases I'm interested in right now.
One is the log in action so you need to import this identifier from the actions folder and you of file
their in the Abra case is these sign up actions.
So you need to import this identifier as well.
In other cases I just want to return my state so if we do log in I want to return a new state where
the tokens should be let's say action dot token and user I.D. should be action dot user I.D..
And that's the same update I need in sign up so we can just copy that over there.
Now of course we need to make sure that our action carries token and user I.D. So in the action creator
in the end of sign up here when I dispatch to sign up action we need to add a token field and we need
to add a user I.D. field.
Now the token can be gotten from the response data there it's dead I.D. token and the same here rest
data is not I.D. token but it's a local I.D. You see that here in the log local I.D..
This here is the user I.D. If you scroll up I.D. token that's the token so that's what I dispatch here
and we can just copy that and use the same almost the same for logging in.
The only thing that needs to change is this identifier and you could even unite log in and sign up to
one combined authenticate identifier let's say because in a reducer we're doing the same thing anyways.
So I just have it split up here to be clear that we have two different things in the end but the update
is the same so we could definitely combine these two action types.
So with that we're now storing the token and that's nice.
But what do we need this token for again.
We need that token which we are now storing to access our API and for that let's go to firebase in the
database.
Keep in mind that when we set up this database I mentioned that you should start in this test mode if
you remember what this did is it set up certain rules and you can check those if you click on the rules
Tab does controls who can read and write your database.
And right now this is both set to true which means everyone can read everything and everyone can write
everything.
That's of course typically not what you want instead here all said both to off on equal to NULL which
might look strange and there should be double quotes by the way here but this is firebase syntax and
you can learn more about the rules here by clicking on learn more or to simply google for firebase real
time database security rules.
What this tells firebase is that only authenticated users so only users who send the request with a
valid token should be able to read and to write.
Now you could even argue that a reading should always be allowed.
We could set this to true and you could even be more specific regarding the rules so that you say reading
from products is allowed.
Reading from orders is not.
But again that's something you can check with the official docs.
I'll go with the setup where reading is always allowed but writing is not.
So now for writing we need a token.
Otherwise we'll face a problem if we log in here and we're storing the token but we're not appending
it to requests right now.
You see we can load all data that's fine.
But you'll also notice that if I try to edit this and remove a couple of exclamation marks here in the
end I get an error and that error is thrown because I'm not allowed to write and firebase there for
blocks day the access and returns and error response.
So now we need to leverage token which is stored in a reducer and actually appended to our outgoing
requests.
Now for that first of all we need to registered as reducer in our root reducer.
So in the app J as file we need to imported we need to import the off reducer from the store and there
to read user's folder and there do all file and added to combined reduces maybe be here with you off
key but of course you can use any key you want that will allow us to then leverage doesn't access this
token but now we need to attach it to the outgoing requests for example for products we need to attach
it to the request we send for updating products.
So that would be this request here now the way you append the request and firebase can be found in the
official firebase docs for the real time database user authentication here data in the end what you
learn is that you can append a token to your outgoing request simply by adding that off query parameter
at the end of your request you are L.
So here in the end we need to add a question mark of equal.
And then here we need to have our token now how can we get access to the token here.
We're in the action creator which means we have no easy access to the story here to the redux store.
Or do we read X thunk that nice package which allows us to write this syntax with that function that
receives the dispatch function that actually gives us something sweet.
We can also change this function a little bit and not just get dispatch but get a second argument as
well which is another function which gives us access to the redux state.
So we get access to the current state of our redux store so if a console lock the result of get state
here let's see what that gives us.
And to avoid errors for in a moment here I'll just add an empty string so that we can test this code.
Of course this will not work but we'll fix it soon so let's see what's inside of that state if we execute
this
so.
Time to log in again real quick.
And then go to the admin screen and try editing this which of course still will fail.
But that does matter because now I've had to click here.
Yes it fails but what you'll see is that here and a log which we get is a full output of our complete
redux store does our reading store.
We get an object with our off state slice which has yet another object with our token and with the user
I.D. our card state slice our orders states lies in our products state slice.
So this allows me to get access to my reading store and get access to the token so a token can be fetched
by executing get state dog off dog token because this gives us access to our full redux store.
This then gives us access to the off slice and dice to the token property which we're managing in that
off slice and now in your products action creator.
We can add this token here in the end so here we can just replace this string with the token variable
which holds our token.
And now if we safeties with this little change if we now log in again and later we'll also changed as
such that we don't constantly need to re log in.
No worries if you log it again we go to admin click on add it here and now we try this.
This works again because now the token is appended firebase validates it and determines that it's valid
because of course we haven't mingled with it.
It's a valid token and therefore this just works.
Now we don't just need the token when we update our products.
We also needed when we add a new product so I'll copy that logic and at the same logic here when we
create a product I get my token with the help of that second argument which we can get here if we need
it to get state function.
And this allows me to change these single quotes to back ticks so that I can conveniently add that query
parameter here to end with question mark of equals and equal that to my token.
So now we can create a product and update a product deleting of course all as a write request.
So for delete product I'll do just the same get access to my store with forget state function here and
then also add w mark all here at the end and add the token.
So that's one thing.
Now in the orders it's a similar thing there for fetching we don't need it but for adding we do because
adding as a write operation.
So there we get the state if we want to we can extract the token from there with the same approach as
before and we can apprentice here and there will actually also need to user I.D. soon so we'll take
care about this in the next lecture.
But for now just make sure you append token everywhere.
And now let's see how we can all make sure that orders actually really belong to our user.